like we always do with this time I pray
for you and you pray for me hunt i hold
your Bibles up in the sky high I pray
for you and you pray for me put your
heart your Bibles up bitches i think im
gonna 44 mama mama I'm a preacher preach
to me hey hey hey hey I'm holy it sir
I'm back anyway god it's automatic you
can't sleep on call like you do a crab
matica loaded prayers at it again you go
in the church to have your mom drop you
and your friends gonna rule you
understand is how I should treat you the
prayer go wanted and even Justin fatica
savers and bible readers you know that
it's off of Jesus the only reason that
we breathe man so say a prayer for the
day you however you live in and give the
orders and at Christmas time at
Thanksgiving God's lyricist I'm repping
the spam and you want to see you
guaranteed the championships and we've
got in your life say Canaan effect I
just pray every day a xiang never love
messing and everybody gotta do with you
respecting I'm red thing you did I pray
for you and you pray for me to hold your
Bibles up in the sky I I pray for you
can you praise for me so hold your
Bibles up in the sky check out 10 to 40
for Mama imma imma free to brag hey hey
hey hey I'm holiness Jesus name moving
like a train on a track always running
through our minds like he was a running
back you know I can be shopping no we
won't be sorry cuz it's the holy life
all the way to the tippy top if you're
down in the dumps II don't know what to
do tell it to got em for sure he'll come
to you a million people a day started a
man up in a sigh get through the press
it always helps them get by aberdeen
once in a while will make it feel good
if you misunderstood you know you're
really sure what giving a little bit
you're taking the right turn is not the
money and it but it's the way you feel
the return never judge other people or
put people doctors if you have a lonely
they won't ever be around here jesus
told me go ahead and spread the good
news and watching love and watch him all
kneel down on the fuse ah i bring for
you and you pray for me so your bottles
up in the sky I freight for you and you
praise for me so hold your Bibles up in
the sky check on channel 44 mama I'm up
I'm a preacher roe
hey hey I'm holy ah I pray for you and
you pray for me now hold your Bibles up
in the sky I pray for you and you free
for me now hold your Bibles up in the
sky check out channel 44 mama imma imma
breach around hey hey hey hey I'm holy
the holy life for every day we go and
thank God for all of his blessings and
now my life is good everyone's really
stressing everyone wants to be cool in
school but we the only one who knows how
to Hey yeah we